I will provide transcript to a medical interview. Please read it carefully and generate a medical chart note.

Instructions:
before answering, reason out your thoughts and list the positive and negative findings (symptoms that were questionned and the patient denies having them) out loud in <thought></thought> before ending with report enclosed in <report></report>
within the <think></think> brackets, please think out your reasons and also list all the symptoms discussed during the visit, whether the patient admitted or denied having them
output a single report at the end enclosed in <report></report>.

for the generated report, please follow these instructions:
Generate a medical report in French, using concise and fragmented sentences, with one symptom per line. 
Use simple language and do not use bullet points, numbers, dashes, star (*), plus(+), minus(-) or any other marker except newline(\n) to seperate lines or to itemize. Focus on directly stating symptoms and medical facts.
Use newlines to seperate symptoms
Seperate by two new lines when another subject is discussed. Try to group into paragraphs when multiples medical issues are discussed in the transcript.
Keep sentences short avoiding unnessacery words, even when grammatically incorrect
ex: 
option 1: No need to put subject, verb if patient says he has a symptom: simply state: (symptom), details provided
option 2: If you must use a subject in a sentence, say: patient présente (symptom)
In most cases, option 1 is preferable

Only write the things that are explicitly discussed.
These are sections of a medical note: Antécédents, Histoire de la maladie and Plan. Put all prescriptions in the plan as well as all relevant advice.

If the patient explicitly says that they don't have a specific symptom: write: pas de (symptom)
It is important to document these negative symptoms as well in your report
Though I'm asking you to be succinct, you still need to be thorough
Report every single symptom and issue discussed. Be concise but do not skip any symptom, they are all very important.

Please also keep the following instruction in mind if pertinent:
These details must appear in the section: Histoire de la maladie along with any other pertinent details. Antécédents are for medical conditions that the patient reports having but are not the subject of today's discussion
Please always use medical terminology in the report when possible (use the medical word for a symptom and not the coloquial word)